# Reliable-Message-Communication-Over-a-Network-by-Implementing-Dynamic-Encryption-Technique
The software aims to help the user in exchanging information across a medium while not being worried of being intercepted by a middle- man, hacker or any third- party service. We have come up with a unique and innovative idea which is based on confusing the hacker about the encryption algorithm used and the decrypting or attacking methods he needs to adopt. 
This will be of major concern because we are dynamically changing the encryption and decryption standards hence making the hackers work complicated and time taking. This way the information thus transmitted would be much safely communicated as compared to how it is usually transmitted across a medium. Also, a further work has been made in towards comparing the various ciphering techniques used by us in the proposed work
The objective of the system is to create a dynamically changing encryption algorithm. The information to be transmitted would be communicated must be initially passed into the system, which would be then encrypted according to the algorithm proposed. The same encrypted information would be then decrypted at the other end using the similar system. At the end a general analysis is done on the ciphering techniques used by plotting and comparing the curves. The objective of the project is:
I. Provide dynamic encryption using timestamping.
II. Provide dynamism in terms of the primitive algorithms used, i.e, combining different algorithms together and alternating them with time.
